good morning everybody today's video is
another vlog and I hope you guys don't
mind that hey when he finishes his food
he always licks his lips for like 15-20
minutes straight all right guys look at
this bipolar California weather it was
raining so so hard this morning and all
of yesterday not full-on raining
obviously about yesterday morning and
this morning was ringing super hard and
now it's just cold even though three
days ago was like 100 degrees but you
know it's just Cali weather that's just
how it is but yeah guys like I said I
hope you guys don't mind me doing vlogs
like sometimes when I'm not oh my god I
just stepped in Bosley's Pete Oh Bosley
Hey yup that's it feat Bosley come here
did you pee in Brandon's room did you
pee in Brandon's room come here go to
Brandon's room right now go look what
you did
hurry up hurry no that's not Brandon's
room don't run he peed we're over here
this dog will never learn what put your
damn paw down look at what he's doing
wisely you want us to give you away huh
alright let's open the door let's go
without
fuck out there dude oh yeah
so as I was saying I hope you guys don't
mind these vlogs like every other day
maybe because sometimes when I wake up
and like not feeling a Call of Duty
video I really want to the lighting here
I'm Wu okay so anyways yeah sometimes I
wake up I don't feel like playing call
of duty like I really want to make vlogs
more often and see I really hope you
guys don't mind these vlogs like every
other day maybe every other two days
depending on if I come up with a good
video idea like pranks for pranks I'm
gonna try to get one like twice a month
maybe um the Gatorade and Windex bottle
prank is 1.6 million views like that's
just nuts
that's unreal that was so unexpected
like really when I uploaded them like
dude like they're like I don't know if
it's gonna get a lot of views I don't
know like I don't know how to mix
emotions about it but 1.6 million views
you guys are crazy and guess what
I hit I'm hitting nine hundred seventy
thousand subs today like dude what I
don't know I really don't know what to
say like I hit nine hundred K last week
maybe like eight nine days ago but
within that time span gaining seventy
thousand subs thirty thousand subs away
from a million like guys it's actually
scary so thank you guys so much for
subbing and stuff but this is just all
crazy to me man it happened it's
happening way too fast
and it's it's unreal guys like really
alright so a couple months ago McDonald
actually found an old tweet of mine from
like a year or two ago saying why can't
you serve breakfast all day at
McDonald's and they actually followed me
on Twitter and since they have all day
breakfast now I think it goes live
October 6 but in my area they've been
selling all day breakfast for like the
past month so McDonald's followed me on
Twitter and they DM me saying like we
have a present for you what's your
address like that we want to send you
something and it actually came in the
mail today look at what they sent me
guys look at that all day breakfast
pillow with chick or hash browns on it
dude I thought about chicken nuggets the
whole time dude this is so freaking cool
they also sent me this thing
do not disturb I'll meet you for
breakfast at lunch all day breakfast and
then they sent me a card
I'll read it out hi Bryan we know you're
excited about the launch of all-day
breakfast I mean we're serving breakfast
all day so here's some stuff to help you
get some extra sleep before and after
all day breakfast arrives visit your
local McDonald's on 10-6 which is
tomorrow but it r it's already serving
all-day breakfast but with the enclosed
coupons and make sure to celebrate your
trip and anniversary with hashtag all
day breakfast on social Hart McDonald's
thank you so much when Donal's they also
gave me these two one free all-day
breakfast items which is amazing like
this was so unexpected when I got that
package I'm like I wonder what it is
like I really was curious and like this
is what it was so thank you so much
McDonald's that means a lot I'm actually
gonna go use the coupon right now and
you guys are coming along with me gotta
use my two free coupons look at this
they're like eggs let's go guys
hopefully it's not raining raining but
all right let's do this quick
click-click-click
all right let's go get some free
McDonald's beef at Monday morning at
11:50 a.m. streets are pretty empty so
today like I mentioned I'm eating nine
hundred seventy thousand subscribers and
this long awaited long long a way to
draw my life video is going to come out
four million subscribers and like like I
said like it's along the way that I've
been talking about this since like 500k
I was gonna do it for 500k but I want to
save it for a million but the thing is
like I hope this is okay like I don't
know if there's like a red flag or
something but am I allowed to have
someone draw everything for me but
obviously me commentate over it because
I honestly can't draw for shit even
stick fit oh well I could draw stick
figures but it won't be as good but like
I want to have my cousin draw for me
like um she's a really good drawer and
like I know if that defeats the purpose
of drawing my life if I have to
personally draw it because I can't like
I'm telling guys I have bad handwriting
I have bad drawing skills like I do want
to make this draw my life happen so bad
though I already sketched everything out
like I did like a timeline of my life I
I spent like two hours on that yesterday
just planning everything like writing it
down and stuff I literally spent two
hours on that and I think it's going to
turn out amazing so um I'm just having
you guys up for that for a million subs
and it's just crazy guys like for me to
say a million subscribers like me having
a million subscribers like No
like that's that's not real like now I'm
gonna save this speech for like my 1
million video cuz I'm gonna have to it's
gonna be like me kind of like reacting
to hitting a million subscribers and
like giving a little speech after and
then the draw my life after but there's
so much I want to talk about and just
it's crazy guys like my life has
literally changed like it's cheap my
life has changed since like I don't know
it's crazy I don't save it for the 1
million video but just just know you
guys are awesome and thank you guys so
much
I met a character ease hi um can I get
the sausage Egg McMuffin you like that
too for 399 you one for $2.99
uh yeah two for 399 anything else uh
yeah does that does that come with a
hash browns or no if you won I'm
eccentric so that phone pole you got the
trance massage from okay I'll do the
combo Oh what kind of trim uh orange
juice please small medium or large small
anything is no that's it you thought
it's gonna be 70 people for Splenda
bleep okay thank you
it's not gonna be 754 little do they
know I have the three little eggs so
let's go um I have these um eggs thing
they're like one free all-day breakfast
item I don't know if like that applies I
got like a whole package from McDonald's
today like like with a pillow and like a
sleeping feed one fighting for one side
you can cut the Finland
okay Oh 839 still wit with the free
sandwich wait I don't get it I thought
it was like seven something at first
thank you so I don't identify the tablet
um I don't know wait can I not use -
wait how is it 859 though four makes no
sense like go okay thank you
dude she just gave it to me for free
that's not what I wanted to happen like
oh hi good how are you hi thank you okay
that are you too
okay guys I don't know what just
happened but basically I was holding up
the line but that was so confusing so
the total at first was 750 something and
I only brought a five-dollar bill
because like um like I thought I was
gonna get it for free gave her the card
and she's like okay I used it for one
sandwich
so your total now is 850 something I'm
like wait what like that makes no sense
and she's still taking orders for other
people so she just gave me the receipt
and she's like go go and I'm like okay I
mean you don't want me to pay like but
what I'm really supposed to pay but she
just said go goes I guess I got it for
free I got my whole meal for free so um
okay I'm not complaining there but this
song will never get old
17:38 alright I like it what's up
mm-hmm-hmm love me some damn McDonald
breaths let's go let's go mmm these guys
are all wondering I am NOT sponsored by
McDonald's this is just like I am not
sponsored by them they sent me that as a
gift as a present because I like
McDonald's breakfast that would be so
freaking cool bio sponsored by
McDonald's so just letting you guys know
I'm not really sponsored by them it's
just alright guys I just finished having
some great McDonald's breakfast my dog
was just watching me eat the whole time
because he's so fat he just ate all of
his food and like he stop stop
well um I think it's time for a little
nap alright guys this time for the nap I
will see you guys soon
[Music]
Jesus what is going on out there
oh dude they're yelling at each other
oh she just cussed at him did you guys
see that I hope I got that she just
fucking touched at that guy that went
down that Street
damn dude there's always something crazy
happening like living at this
intersection there's so many accidents
so many cops pulling people over and
like so many people just talking shit
that right it's actually entertaining
but damn I feel like hoverboards already
got old like no one's fascinated by them
anymore and people just think we look
dumb when we're on them like I'm
actually gonna tell you guys the story I
was riding down the street with my um
cover board and then this car drove past
and like there were two like teenage
girls in the back like 14 year olds and
they're like you're cool you're cool to
the window I'm like okay I guess I'm
cool like I'm not trying not cool I'm
just like I like this hoverboard like
I'm just riding it like no need to be so
fuckin rude like can I not ride are they
jealous or something like all right guys
I'm gonna wrap up the vlog there hope
you guys did enjoy today like I was not
feeling like making a video but I'm on
like a twenty seven day outlook streak I
don't want to break that and I did get
that cool package from McDonald's so I
did make a vlog I didn't have something
in it and like I really do hope you guys
enjoy we're at nine hundred seventy
thousand subscribers thirty
freakin thousand subs away like I'm I'm
actually speechless now guys but yeah
hope you guys enjoyed drop a like if you
did and it's been rug and I'm out peace